Some people lower their heads and linger in thought, trying to figure it out with their intellect. They hardly realize that they are seeing ghosts without number in front of their skulls
shame is dirty fuel. insecurity is dirty fuel. addiction is dirty fuel. compulsion is dirty fuel. revenge is dirty fuel. hatred is dirty fuel. run clean and feel clean. walk into the light
You never know what worse luck your bad luck has saved you from
Whenever you catch yourself agonizing over an L, think back to all the times you felt like you avoided some catastrophe. So many moments in the past where you thanked the stars for protecting you. Your time was due. Don't sweat. Equilibrium will be reached so just keep it moving
The best decisions can't be quantified. They just make sense to you. Where you live. Who you love. How you spend your time. Simply feels right in a way many could never understand. They're not supposed to. Smile and nod at the cope and seethe. Fancy your soulful life unabashedly
Basically nothing is that serious anymore. Try your best. Be a good person. Keep it moving. Life continues to surprise
you cannot imagine all of the good you can do with your life, the sum total of it, for it is enormous, immeasurable, incalculable
they said I’m gonna pass away some day I said fuck it we ball
There’s still a lot of life to live
One W is worth a thousand Ls
i want to be as happy as i was when i was playing counterstrike global offensive
Amidst a sea of Ls, sometimes there stands a W
what's stopping you from doing ALL the things
L + ratio + I see God in everything while you’re blinded by the pseudo-rationality of the flesh
It’s never as bad as you think, never as bad as you imagine
When you’re happy, you have a lot more freedom in the things you can say because your words aren’t as heavy, they tend not to hang on others the same way they do when you’re miserable and hopeless
Perhaps I should’ve have taken things more seriously
You had the spirit in you as a kid and you haven’t lost it. Maybe it’s been buried and needs some digging out, but it never leaves you. Don’t give up on it
Saying “let’s fucking go” out loud to yourself all alone, thinking about what your life could be if you could just solve these few problems right in front of you
true life, true creation is out of your control. it takes endless forms most beautiful and unpredictable
Joy becomes easy once you accept the past can't be relived. You yearn for a memory that was only meant to be experienced once. It's a life changing opportunity. Superb city. Lovely girl. But it doesn't feel like that one time. It'll never be the same, so let the next be different
in real life there is no fairness. heavyweights also jump higher. the arc of fate does not bend. all narrative tension is in your mind; you can literally just gain or lose value with nothing in exchange
it’s annoying how head spinningly complicated life is. why can’t we have one new variable at a time
Because life is impossible without action, you will do something. You’ll either eat or not, you’ll either give away food or not, you’ll either wage war or not. You have the option to do something or not. The result, the reward is not in your hands.
The option is the limit of your control. You can either wage war or not but the result is not in your control. Even if you desire victory it may not be yours, you could also lose! Your desire to win will make you fear defeat.
If you are indifferent to victory and defeat but fight the war as your duty then there will be no question of happiness or sorrow. Such a desire less person is imperturbable. Hence, shed any desire for reward. Do what is within your control which means, do your duty.
